Task cohesion

1. Does the team seem to share the responsibility for the task?

2. Do you feel that team members share the same purpose/goal/intentions?

3. Overall, how enthusiastic is the group?

4. How is the morale of the team?

5. Overall, do the members give each other a lot of feedback?

6. Overall, do the team members appear to be collaborative?

7. Does every team member seem to have sufficient time to make their contribution?

Social Cohesion

1. Overall, do you feel that the work group operates spontaneously?

2. Overall, how involved/engaged in the discussion do the participants seem?

3. Do the team members seem to enjoy each other's company?

4. Does the team seem to have a good rapport?

5. Overall, does the atmosphere of the group seem more jovial or serious? 

6. Overall, does the work group appear to be in tune/in sync with each other?

7. Overall, does there appear to be equal participation from the group? 

8. Overall, do the group members listen attentively to each other?

9. Overall, does the team appear to be integrated? 

10. Do the team members appear to be receptive to each other? 

11. Do the participants appear comfortable or uncomfortable with each other?

12. Is there a strong sense of belonging in the work group? 

13. Overall, does the atmosphere seem tense or relaxed?

14. Does the work group appear to have a strong bond?

15. How is the pace of the conversation?

16. Overall do the team members seem to be supportive towards each other?

17. How well do you think the participants know each other?

Miscellaneous

1. Is there a leader in the group? 

2. If you answered YES, does the leader bring the rest of the group together?

3. Overall, how cohesive does the group appear?




<p>This application allows you to explore Graph Neural Networks in the classification of cohesion in coversational
            settings using data from the AMI corpus. Below are a series of questions used by annotators to evaluate two minute
            snippets of
            conversation held by groups of four participants who were tasked with proposing, designing, and deploying a remote
            control. <br><br>
        
            Questions are meant to provide insight into either Social or Task Cohesion. The last three questions don't
            correspond to either category.
            All questions, barrring M1, are scored on a sclae of 1-7, where higher scores are indicative of higher group
            cohesion. <br><br>
        
            Data has been extracted from each two minute snippet to build a conversational graph outlining the linguistic
            features of participant interaction.
            These features describe pariticipants (nodes) as well as the dynamics of each pair's interaction (direceted edges).
            <br><br>
        
            Select a question from the categories below, or a cohesion category as a whole, to build a GNN that predicts
            cohseion scores using this data.
            Additionally, choose whether you would like to perform a regression or binary classification task using the model.
</p>